From: "clemence offia" <clemenceoffia@tsamail.co.za>
Subject: please respond
X-Mailer: CommuniGate Pro WebUser Interface v.4.1.8
Date: Sat, 11 Dec 2004 23:22:51 +0200
Message-ID: <web-554548133@mail01.infosat.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

Banque International Du Burkina, 
Avenue Dimdolobsom 
01BP 6565 Ouaga 01, 
Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. 
 
Dear friend 
  I am Mrs Clemence Offia, Manager(Treasury) of Banque
International Du Burkina. (BIB)This is an urgent and very
confidential business proposition. 
 
I am writing to seek your cooperation over this business
deal. In my department, I discovered an abandoned sum of
US$12,300,000.00, (Twelve Million, three hundred thousand
Dollars) only , in an account that belongs to one of our
foreign customers who died along with his entire family in
a plane crash that took place in Kenya, East Africa, the
Late DR. GEORGE BRUMLEY, a citizen of Atlanta, United
States of America but resident in Burkina Faso, West Africa
and a physician .
 
Since we got information about his death, we have been
expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money
because it cannot be released unless somebody applies for
it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated
in our banking guidelines but unfortunately, all his
supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at
the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim. It is
therefore upon this discovery that I now decided to make
this business proposal to you and release the money to you
via your foreign bank account as the next of kin or
relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent
disbursement since nobody is coming for it and this money
Could go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill. 
 
The Banking law and guideline here stipulates that if such
money remained unclaimed after four years, the money will
be transferred into the Bank treasury as unclaimed fund.
The request for your assistance and maximum co-operation as
a foreign citizen to stand as the next of kin in this
business is occasioned by the fact that the deceased
customer was a foreigner. 
 
40 % of this money will be for you as my foreign partner,
in respect to the provision of a foreign account. 10 %will
be set aside for the expenses that may be incurred during
the business and 50 % would be for me. There after I will
come over to your country for disbursement according to the
percentages indicated. 
 
Therefore to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to
you as arranged, you must apply first to the bank as the
relation or next of kin to the deceased, indicating your
claims and where the money will be remitted. 
 
Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax or
email the text of application which you will fill and
submit to the office of the foreign remittance director of
the Banque International Du Burkina. I will not fail to
bring to your notice that this transaction is strictly
confidential and I will use my position in this Bank to
effect a hitch free transfer of the fund. 
 
 
Please, visit the website below for more information about
the Plane Crash and the tragic death of the deceased and
his entire family, Late DR. GEORGE BRUMLEY. 
 
http://www.cnn.com/2003/WORLD/africa/07/20/kenya.crash/index.html

Awaiting your urgent reply 

Thanks and my regards. 

Mrs Clemence Offia. 

N/B. Please reply through my alternative email address
indicated below;
offiafamily@yahoo.com
